our next guest used to be known as the
vegan Prince but thousands of online
followers regularly listening to him to
show his views well
things have certainly changed after
claiming that the vegan lifestyle was
actually making him sick Tim shieff
decided to give it all up and says he
now even consider hunting animals for
food so I've never been conscious of the
impact of my food choices until I saw a
documentary on veganism of all and the
way animals are slaughtered and things
like that and I was so shocked by these
animals being killed I went on
essentially a plant-based diet
I live on beans legumes vegetables fruit
I drink a protein supplement every
morning no dairy
I drink almond milk mixed in with fruit
and a protein powder so I get the
protein for the day when I start the day
out and it changed my whole metabolism
and I lost 24 pounds and I got back to
basically what are waiting high school I
ask you a personal question
are you a bit of a controlling person of
course it okay and so you like those and
what I get from you and just listening
and you know you've known him for a long
time but there seems to be an element if
you like to be in control of certain
aspects of your life that is there
something that you're not in control of
they can't you're you're substituting
for and certainly there's always
emotional issues when would help this
you this there's a lot yeah yeah I mean
ninja what that's extreme you know went
to the extremes of everything now you're
going to the extreme of another point so
I did all this research and I saw that
82% of the people since 1986 you have
done on a plant-based no dairy no meat
or anything
I eat very little fish once in a while
have not often if you can do it
eighty-two percent of the people who've
done that have begun to heal themselves
their arterial blockage cleans up the
calcium deposit around their heart
breaks up
this movement has been led by a doctor
named Caldwell Esselstyn at Cleveland
Clinic Dean Ornish in Genoa in
California the doctors Campbell father
and son I wrote the China Study and a
handful of others but we now have 25
years of evidence and so I thought well
since I need a little way for Chelsea's
wedding I'll become part of this
experiment what made me begin to pursue
in the first place was the emotional
disconnect from seeing animals being
killed now if I'm going to consumer and
then what I feel like it's my duty as a
human to face that embrace it myself and
feel whatever emotions come up and then
that will then make me at least consume
more consciousness I just don't mind
being the guy on the edge trying
alternative things because I see
everyone trying the other stuff and it's
not working either there's no medical
proof of that there is there just yet
who decides we now have 25 years of
evidence and so I thought well I'll
become part of this experiment a medical
proof of that bear is there two steps
who decides
[Music]